
Entrepreneurship
Maperial
Here we are : all these years to learn how to build a web software and still the same passion !
I'm working this time with another mate from ENSEIRB, and both of us are spending our full time to build your new GIS in the Cloud. If you ever wonder how we can help your business with Maperial, we are here to answer your questions, and adapt the tool to your need. Just ask, we do.

Technos : [EmberJS, jQuery, Play Framework/Java, PostgreSQL]

Serendi
This partnership with four of my friends from ENSEIRB started 4 years ago. We've been gathering on a regular basis to talk about business and try to build something on our own. All these talks and drafts finally lead to this first project : a Facebook application I've spent 2 months to develop. I'm sure I'll have more to tell about our work in the next few months ;)

Technos : [jQuery, Play Framework/Java, Facebook Graph API]



Freelance
Well, not to mention I couldn't reach the monetization of my games : ) 
So far so good, I've built my background and will be back on tracks when time is fair again.
I needed at that time to earn money, so the best solution was to work as freelance in Paris.
My developer expertise helped Robeco (3 months) and Aliznet (18 months) to build rich intranet applications.

Technos : [Flex4]



Game Designer
This period has been a key to enhance my web developer skills and my ability to build a software.
Through the projects and the years, I improved my UI/UX vision, the way I lead its realisation process, and obviously my developing skills and competencies.
The main point I followed from games to games : always finish anything you have started.

I built the following games : 
- Lands of Uralys : a MMORPG : 2 years to start my game design adventure.
- Fools : Afterwhile I wanted to build a simple Facebook game, quickly : 2 months.
- Skooairs : Here is a little reflection game I built in 2 months as well
- Tribes and Khans : Finally back on the huge projects, I've built 4 versions of the game during 18 months.

Technos : [Flex3/4, Java, Google Appengine, Spring IOC, Hibernate, Facebook Graph API]


The Start
I spent 3 years in a start-up begining my web knowledge developing mainly a J2ee API, or small parts on the web application. I guess the great atmosphere in the dev team gave me this taste for building dynamic projects I have today.

Technos : [Java/J2ee, Php5, MySQL, Spring IOC, Ibatis, Hibernate]


The School
Graduated from ENSEIRB


